<p> Throughout my education, I have developed a wide range of technical skills, including proficiency in Python, SQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, NodeJS, React Native, AWS EC2, ASG, Load Balancing, Dynamo DB, EFS, Docker Containers and orchestration using Kubernetes, and many more. My experience with these tools has enabled me to develop a strong foundation in software development, project management, and data analytics.
	Something that fascinates me most is the Physics Engine library I used to develop a lot of games. You can find a link to my Github here: https://github.com/dcc97 . Furthermore, as a former Software Developer at WhiteHat Jr, BYJUS, I guided 600+ beginner level front-end developers to proficiently utilize web technologies, attaining an average of 70% growth in capacities. I also harnessed my skills in Google Firebase for designing multi-player games involving 1M+ players and generating an increase in the number of web page visits per day. My proficiency in JavaScript enabled me to conceptualize and develop Angry Birds using a physics engine library, leading to an increase in the number of downloads within six months. I also collaborated with a team of 5 to develop React Native apps, including text-to-speech and a trivia app.
	In addition, my experience at UT Arlington includes working as a Student Assistant in the Office of International Education, where I fostered open communication with a multicultural student population to build relationships and identify needs, enhancing customer satisfaction by 20%. I also served as a Student Ambassador for Counseling and Psychological Services, where I facilitated workshops on "anxiety in academics" and implemented an open discussion setting with 30+ students, successfully increasing their confidence by 75%.
	Additionally, I have completed several successful projects, including a home price predictor using data analytics, social media content moderation using Python, database management for a furniture outlet using DBMS, a virtual healthcare appointments Android application, and identifying the top three genres for app monetization using data analytics. I am also currently pursuing CompTIA Security+ certification and have demonstrated strong leadership skills as the Lead of the Indian Student Organization (IMS). </p>
